warthogs are a common sight around these
parts and they're not to be messed with
their tusks are formidable bits of
hardware used to fend off attacks by
predators such as lions and also fight
between each other they are very
powerful pigs in these parts a power
that shouldn't be underestimated an
adult male warthog deliberately walks up
to the bandit brothers the mob stand
their ground a mongoose could be
seriously hurt with just one swipe of
the warthogs tusks and even a simple
injury could spell the end of any
Mongoose still they boldly head straight
for it as it turns out they run a bit of
a racket with the local war hogs on
Malaya it's a cleaning racket by
allowing the Mongoose to climb all over
its body
the warthog has its ticks removed and
the Mongoose get a protein-rich meal
though the family do have to watch out
for a hundred kilos of falling pig every
now and again this is a unique symbiotic
relationship between two mammal species
and one which benefits both parties the
banded brothers make pretty quick work
of their cleaning duties eventually the
warthog checks out of the Mongoose Park